CONTEXT
The admin corpus dashboard lives at /admin/corpus (password-protected). Each corpus
item has a "Content" tab that displays generated outputs, including a section
currently labeled "Direct Response." Corpus items are also rendered on the public
blog at /blog/[slug].

Before making changes, inspect the existing corpus data model and the components
that render (a) the admin Content tab and (b) the public blog post page, and confirm
the actual field names for the Direct Response output. Do not rename or drop any
existing fields — extend the schema additively.

TASK 1 — Admin: Update the Direct Response output structure
In the Content tab of /admin/corpus, replace the single Direct Response output with
a structured object containing two platform-specific variants:

  directResponse: {
    meta: {
      copy: string,          // Facebook-optimized post copy
      hashtags: string[],
      cta: string            // e.g. "Get My Free Autopsy"
    },
    instagram: {
      copy: string,          // Instagram-optimized post copy
      hashtags: string[],
      cta: string
    }
  }

Requirements:
- Update the generation pipeline so both variants are produced per corpus item.
  Meta copy: longer-form, link-friendly, conversational. Instagram copy: shorter,
  hook-first, hashtag-heavy, no raw links (CTA references link in bio).
- In the admin Content tab, render the two variants side by side or as sub-tabs,
  each with its own copy-to-clipboard button and an inline edit + save capability.
- Migrate existing corpus items: map the current single Direct Response value into
  directResponse.meta.copy so no existing content is lost, and generate the
  Instagram variant lazily or via a one-time backfill script (ask me which before
  running a backfill).
- Preserve the existing human-approval gate: edited/generated variants must be
  marked approved before they are exposed publicly.

TASK 2 — Public blog: tabbed Meta / Instagram copy section
On the public blog post template, add a tabbed component displaying the approved
social copy for that post, with exactly two tabs:

  Tab 1: "Meta"       → directResponse.meta content
  Tab 2: "Instagram"  → directResponse.instagram content

Requirements:
- Only render this section if the post has approved directResponse content;
  otherwise omit it entirely (no empty state on the public page).
- Default tab: Meta. Tabs must work without page reload and be keyboard-accessible
  (proper ARIA tab roles).
- Style with the Job Genie brand system: dark navy #090D19 background, indigo
  #7C83FF active-tab accent, Sora for tab labels, DM Sans for body copy. Match the
  existing blog typography scale.
- Include a copy-to-clipboard button on each tab's content.
- Ensure the tab content is server-rendered (or hydrated from server data) so the
  copy is crawlable — this section should be indexable for AEO purposes, not
  injected client-side only.
- Do not alter FAQPage JSON-LD or any existing structured data on blog pages.

VERIFICATION
- Show me the updated Content tab on one existing corpus item in admin.
- Show me one public blog post rendering both tabs correctly on desktop and mobile.
- Run the migration in dry-run mode first and report how many items are affected.